Fix spelling of boot loader (#3274)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_host-specific-variables.adoc

|`@host.puppetmaster` *Deprecated* Use the `host_puppet_server` variable instead. |The Puppet server the host must use.
|`@host.pxe_build?` |Returns `true` if the host is provisioned using the network or PXE.
|`@host.shortname` |The short name of the host.
|`@host.sp_ip` |The IP address of the BMC interface.
|`@host.sp_mac` |The MAC address of the BMC interface.
|`@host.sp_name` |The name of the BMC interface.
|`@host.sp_subnet` |The subnet of the BMC network.
|`@host.subnet.dhcp` |Returns `true` if a DHCP proxy is configured for this host.
|`@host.subnet.dns_primary` |The primary DNS server of the host.
|`@host.subnet.dns_secondary` |The secondary DNS server of the host.
|`@host.subnet.gateway` |The gateway of the host.
|`@host.subnet.mask` |The subnet mask of the host.
|`@host.url_for_boot(:initrd)` |Full path to the initrd image associated with this host.
Not recommended, as it does not interpolate variables.
|`@host.url_for_boot(:kernel)` |Full path to the kernel associated with this host.
Not recommended, as it does not interpolate variables, prefer boot_files_uri.

> |`@provisioning_type` |Equals to 'host' or 'hostgroup' depending on type of provisioning.

Author: I have not found a way to exclude `'hostgroup'` in Vale without sacrificing all "hostgroup" instances.

Reviewer: Would it work to make it code blocks? Since those are really the verbatim values you can expect
```suggestion
|`@provisioning_type` |Equals to `host` or `hostgroup` depending on type of provisioning.
```

Author: Yes, this mitigates Vale warnings.

|@host.environment *Deprecated* Use the `host_puppet_environment` variable instead. |The Puppet environment of the host.
|@host.facts |Returns a Ruby hash of facts from Facter.
For example to access the 'ipaddress' fact from the output, specify @host.facts['ipaddress'].
|@host.grub_pass |Returns the host's boot loader password.

> |@host.hostgroup |The host group of the host.

Reviewer: This is unrelated, but I think we should use code tags in the entire table
```suggestion
|`@host.hostgroup` |The host group of the host.
```
